Publish React Router docs in package (#15121)
remix-run/react-router: packages/react-router/.changes/minor.ship-docs-in-package.md

Ship a subset of the official documentation inside the `react-router` package

> 
> - Markdown docs are now available via the `react-router/docs` and `react-router/docs/*` package export subpaths, letting AI coding agents and the React Router agent skills read official docs locally
> - Excludes auto-generated API docs (`api/`), `community/` content, and tutorials (`tutorials/`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ship a subset of the official documentation inside the `react-router` package
- Markdown docs are now available in `node_modules/react-router/docs`, letting AI coding agents and the React Router agent skills read official docs locally
- Excludes auto-generated API docs (`api/`), `community/` content, and tutorials (`tutorials/`)
```
